all right so this Phil he and and I'm hi
L green if we're here over at the chapel
at our house Jim we just got done
finishing shooting some film for you
guys reflection online and it was a
really long day we got it in about 10
a.m. and now it's closing in on midnight
so we're crazy tired so I don't know
what you want to try and think we decide
on back alright so we're gonna do some
back
like I said we're both still tired as
hell but you know you know we're gonna
get a little little workout in just
before the you know Olympia prep starts
for both of us and you know I'm feeling
pretty good I guess I mean I'm sure guys
you know how you feeling well I don't
think you're going to speak for me where
you know no I won't go to speak for you
how you feeling
play my coaches say big collars it can't
nothin don't try it's just no it's not
being more mindful those contractions
taking time really you know apply your
mind
figured I'll do one more for I start to
get home
doing some other lower
since he lived there it was good to have
a training partner for once especially
someone on TV
see the cogs turning we want to try some
pull downs
let's get it
we're gonna take we're gonna check bills
testosterone levels cliches you know you
okay okay tell me like you alright
not mad oh you don't want to see bill
mad oh no it was he bill manage so I was
thinking of this like a low row or okay
well into midnight but now to actually
feel that papai because it's got to be
going on 3:00 in the morning
hard these guys turned out
don't look at me the irony from here how
these guys what guy